So I'm back in the project
I also used in the axios and authentication module, it's this page here where we can sign up, sign in
and then also fetch some data from the server.
Now in this video I want to focus on this
sign up form because it deliberately contains a lot of different inputs and I want to show you how
we can validate this form. This includes things like checking if for example we have a valid email
address, if the passwords match
and also things like if the e-mail address is already taken,
so let's dive into that.
As I mentioned, we're going to use a third party package for this because the vue framework itself doesn't
have input validation built into it like Angular has for example
but there are great alternatives out there which you can pick and the alternative I want to present
is vuelidate. Vuelidate is a third party package developed by monterail and you can check out its github
page or this documentation page on monterail.github.io/vuelidate where you can
learn more about it
and I strongly recommend diving into this page if you want to unlock all the functionalities of the
package and really want to use all its features,
I'm going to walk you through the majority of them in this module though.
So this is the package I want to use and we already see that we can install it via npm, so that is what
I'll do in this lecture before then in the next lectures, we start using it.
So let's head back to our project and let's quit the npm run dev process and let's now simply run
npm install --save
and then it's vuelidate,
one word. Once you type this, you can hit enter to install it in this project and once it is finished,
we're ready to go to take advantage of the features
this package exposes. Let's dive into them in the next lecture.